---
layout: post
title: Welcome
---

I might as well lay out what this site can be

It can either be

1. Portfolio
    A cool looking portfolio that will get me a lot of cred with geeks.
2. Ramblesite
     A genuine blog that nobody will read. Like its the equivalent of writing in my journal but worse. Literally nobody will read it.
3. Supplementary blog
     Something alongside my youtube channel. But the problem is I don't write anything like that, and I want to edit my videos more.

So option 1 is clearly the most appealing, but heres the thing:

**I want to be a part of a smaller internet, and this is a way to do that**

I want a small group of people, in webrings, in forums, to talk about stuff. But it sucks. It fucking sucks that that isn't an option.
So this is trying to be an option!

So the plan is:
Step 1. Find a smaller community to latch onto: PunishedFelix, Jreg, Sokpop, some microjam community.
or alt: Just make stuff for a topic I really enjoy. Art or whatever. Or just make stuff. I'm already make stuff. But not this

**PROBLEM: I already make stuff, and this isn't that**

I make music. I make videos. None of these are text

Well, thats not true. I occasionally write video essay style scripts. I have one about a gay sigma male that is kind of dead. 
I could post this here like punishedfelix, but idk. It's cool but I don't see the real point.

I think I should instead of this, make what I already make better and more accessible.

Which is what a portfolio is. SO PORTFOLIO IT IS THEN

**WELCOME TO MY PORTFOLIO!**
